
From: 	    philip.price@ecorp.com
To:	    elliot.alderson@ecorp.com

Dear Mr Alderson, 

You are the new IT-manager at E corp and your first task is to handle
the access rights for the folder called fiveNine.

You need to create an account for following users:

- whiterose
- cisco
- shayla
- darlene
- tyrell

Moreover, certain subgroups of employees of the company must be able
to access the content of the fiveNine folder. Create following groups for
the company:

- darkarmy
- ecorp

Your task is to create the content of the fiveNine folder and assigned
the required accesses. Be careful, the access and file names must be
exact matches of the specification. The content of the files does not
matter for now.

The specification is:

- The directory is called m4ster-s1ave. Its owner is shayla and it belongs to the group
darkarmy. The owner must be able to see, modify and access the content of the
directory. The group must be able to see the content of the directory. The others
have no rights.

- The file is called undo.gz. Its owner is tyrell and it belongs to the group
ecorp. The owner has no rights. The group has no rights. The others must be
able to write to the file.

- The file is called unm4sk-pt1.tc. Its owner is darlene and it belongs to the group
ecorp. The owner must be able to execute the file. The group must be able
to read and write. The others must be able to read and execute. Only darlene
should be able to delete or rename this file.

- The file is called init_5.fve. Its owner is cisco and it belongs to the group
darkarmy. The owner must be able to execute the file. The group must be able
to write to the file. The others must be able to execute the file.

- The file is called init_1_data. Its owner is whiterose and it belongs to the group
darkarmy. The owner must be able to read the file. The group has no rights.
The others have no rights.

- The file is called init_1.exe. Its owner is whiterose and it belongs to the group
darkarmy. The owner must be able to read and execute. The group must be able
to write and execute. The others have no rights. init_1.exe is a sensitive program which
requires read access to init_1_data to work properly. Every darkarmy member should be able to
run this program successfully.

Once you are done, submit your work using the share program.

Best regards,

Philip Price.  
